what are from the topic what topic would
you like me to agree with you tomorrow
your choice from a chair person okay all
right I'll do four I'll go over percent
with you tomorrow any other topic you
can't keep rocking traditional what is
that one to find when they give you a
formula because of the protein in the
formula together would you blame me
hours
come here Jada I'm the untrained to the
nurse and your comeback is still not
doing what you supposed to do - you know
10% I say Dunbar Nokia ah you better not
because it's more 10:30 and I'm watching
the game so walk slower than you can -
what up internality all right all right
we got this